can you touch your toes can you put your
palms on the ground can you touch your
elbow to your toe believe it or not you
can build up the capacity to do any of
those it just takes a little bit of time
people tend to over complicate
hamstrings with dynamic stretches active
stretches PNF stretches nerve flossing
or my favorite don't stretch it all look
if you just watch this video to the end
you'll have everything you need to
create the most flexible hamstring
possible your nerves play a huge role in
how flexible your hamstrings are so much
so that just by telling your nerves that
it's okay to stretch you're going to get
at least an inch of range of motion
there there it's okay to stretch not
quite like that but you have the spirit
keep your back perfectly flat so don't
let it round over and all you're going
to do is hinge from your hips almost
like you're sticking your butt out
behind you basically what that does is
it forces you to stretch your hamstring
rather than your lower back so you'll
notice instead of being right here
you're going to be all the way up here
maybe a little bit lower maybe even a
little bit higher only you know where to
start but once you find that position
we're going to introduce a little a
little bit more tension I feel the
tension a lot right here so all I'm
going to do is Bend one knee feel the
tension deepen on the opposite side
straighten it out and then do it on the
other leg feel the tension deepen on
this side and you're going to keep
switching back and forth till you get
around 30 reps or so once you finished
doing that retest your hamstring
flexibility and you will be shocked at
how much further you can go but don't be
fooled that hamstring flexibility will
go away if you just rest for a little
bit so we're going to take advantage of
it so now that you can go a little bit
deeper than you could before all you're
going to do is hold your favorite
hamstring stretch for a couple sets of
30 seconds you want this 30 seconds that
30 seconds and this 30 seconds all of
these times that you've done multiple
times a week to add up to 5 minutes a
week that's literally just 10 sets of 30
seconds so if you plan on stretching
twice a week you're just going to do
five sets of this twice a week or you
can do two sets of this 5 days a week so
even though it may not seem possible
right now touching your elbow to your
toe or even going to a front split is
actually going to be pretty easy if you
stay consistent I have a free hamstring
ebook if you want something that you can
just do for a couple weeks to try out or
if you're really willing to commit I
have front split middle split and a full
body flexibility program that you can
follow links are in the description stay
flexy